Scott Thompson: Alright. Okay, so it is recording. But I'm gonna go upstairs and see if I can dump the other stuff.
Scott Thompson: He'll be out in a minute, and he just he just took a phone call. What time it is he's got 5 min. So we're good. Alright, I will let you know. I'll text you.
Andrew Henshaw: Thank you.
Andrew Henshaw: Okay.
Scott Thompson: yeah.
Scott Thompson: okay, we are working.
Scott Thompson: They're not.
mary: Oh.
Scott Thompson: oh.
about.
Scott Thompson: think we got a full house? No.
Andrew Henshaw: let's see
Andrew Henshaw: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Yeah, that's right.
Scott Thompson: So we're gonna get today.
Scott Thompson: Let me know when you all want to get started. We have right on the number.
Andrew Henshaw: because all 6 people I'm ready.
Scott Thompson: Alright. This meeting is called to order.
Scott Thompson:  we did. We got a roll call. So do we want to approve the November minutes. That was the last one that has not been approved yet. Right?
Andrew Henshaw: Right?
Scott Smith: We have a second. I read Urban
Scott Smith: Andrew.
Andrew Henshaw: I'm sorry
Scott Smith: I read every line. Oh, good. Yeah. Yeah.
Andrew Henshaw: Yeah. What? 58 pages or something.
Scott Smith: It's a good way for people not to read it to record it. Yeah.
Scott Thompson: alright. So those mu minutes have been approved, though, let's get started here.
Scott Smith: We have an open seat, as you all know.
Scott Thompson: and we could either circle back to the 2 or 3 names that were applying to getting on the board way back when
Scott Thompson: or we could look for somebody to put up on the board. We have a lot of stuff we want to get done this year.
Scott Thompson: and it seems like between the 3 of us, 4 of us that are on the board living here. We're getting a lot done. So do we? Wanna try to recruit somebody that lives here?
Scott Smith: I like the idea. I like the idea of somebody here, if that's possible, reach out to everybody that's here.
Scott Thompson: Do we have to post this position, or can we just make a decision?
Bo Fridh: Good question? I don't know legally what's required. I think posting it. Giving people a chance to.
Bo Fridh: you know. Throw the hat in the ring. Might be good.
Scott Thompson: Can we tell them the on the post that we put out the importance of being a permanent resident, that we want to be a proactive, get things on hands on board.
Scott Thompson: Why not? Okay.
Scott Thompson: yeah, I will.
Scott Thompson: Why don't I? Draft a
Scott Thompson: like a little resume thing for this weekend? And we'll have people that would say, we're gonna cut it off by February first.
Andrew Henshaw: Yeah. Say, just for the minutes while we have a vacancy.
Scott Thompson: Linda Alcawa resigned.
Andrew Henshaw: Okay.
Scott Thompson: okay, so I'll get to work on that, and I'll shoot out a
Scott Thompson: just a quick short. So post before we post it. We'll make sure it looks good, and then we'll send it to Andrew to put out on probably an email or valera
Scott Thompson: with a date on it.
Andrew Henshaw: Yeah, send it out as an email. So what if you sent it out with the email with the
Scott Thompson: recommended vendor list that we all know at the
Scott Thompson: kill 2 birds with one stone. Okay?
Scott Smith: I think that's really good idea, because we we want people who want to be on the board.
So.
Scott Thompson: and we don't want them to know the importance of living here versus what we're trying to get done
Scott Smith:  okay, so what else we got.
Scott Thompson: what does everybody feel about getting a newsletter.
Scott Thompson: I'll start writing down some things that we get done along the way, and we'll put a newsletter out in March. That'd be we're gonna try to do once a quarter.
Scott Smith: That sounds like a good idea, Scottie. I've gotten good feedback from different people who stop me on the street.
Scott Smith: It's kind of.
Scott Thompson: Okay. So we're what we're gonna do is we're gonna compile a maybe once a month we'll I'll put a
Scott Thompson: sheet together of what we've been getting done and what we're talking about there basically be a breakdown of a recap of the meeting bullet points.
Scott Thompson: We'll try to get that out in March.
Scott Thompson: Let's see, did anybody get a chance to look at the the picture that I sent out would be
Scott Thompson: street sign.
Andrew Henshaw: Yeah, it's awesome.
mary: Yes, sir.
Scott Thompson: So if everybody is in agreement on that, I'm gonna try to get the company to give us a price.
Scott Thompson: Because if you look at every cross street
Scott Thompson: has 2 raggedy posts
Scott Thompson: and this would accomplish. Kill 2 birds of one stone it would give us the crossroads.
Scott Thompson: It would give us the stop signs
Scott Thompson: and I talked to building Purvis this week. and he said that it needs to be a certain type assignment for the city needs to be. Have a breakaway system on it in case somebody hits it.
Scott Thompson: So I'll make sure that this company is that gives us a bit of certified to Make sure we get the proper
Scott Thompson: street signed to be in compliance with the the county.
Scott Thompson: so do do we all agree on pursuing this. It's a metal post. Well, it'll never rot and fall over like they do in a lot of communities after 8 or 10 years. Let's do it right the first time and get a good bid on it.
Scott Thompson: Okay, so I'll pursue that, and I'll
Scott Thompson: but the next meeting I'll have something shout out to you with a with a price on it.
Scott Thompson: Okay.
Scott Thompson: Bo. Do you want to tell us any good things that are going on the the front gate? And
Scott Thompson: I saw you put out a report on with the
Scott Thompson: phone numbers. I mean the with what you've created.
Bo Fridh: Yeah. So there, Billy and I kicked around a couple of options for
Bo Fridh: the sign, the the keypad that's out there.
Bo Fridh: There's something, Linda, and this goes back to something. Linda brought up a concern that some folks wouldn't want to have their address listed
Bo Fridh: on that directory. We kind of ruled out the idea going with names, but it seems to make sense if we put list the residents their actual street address. All the other folks that just have lots put the lot numbers and have it
Bo Fridh: in order numerically. So when somebody shows up, if they want to go to.
Bo Fridh: My house, for instance. If they don't have the code, they just push my street address. If it's a delivery person.
Bo Fridh: they're certainly gonna know what address they're going to. We'll have
Bo Fridh: the
Bo Fridh: app available for
Bo Fridh: people, so that when somebody pushes that street address. Whoever lives there. They're gonna get a little thing that pops up on the phone saying, you gotta sell gate
Bo Fridh: action for you.
Bo Fridh: You click on it and accept. You see who it is. You can push the button momentarily. Open the gate. Let them in.
Andrew Henshaw: I'm I'm sorry something is going screw. Are you all saying this? My screen share. Still.
Scott Thompson: no, no.
Andrew Henshaw: okay. I've been trying to cancel the screen share. and it refuses to
Andrew Henshaw: do so.
Andrew Henshaw: Oh, yeah. system is very much
Andrew Henshaw: confused. Hold on
Scott Smith: so it wouldn't help that. Our names. Is that what you're saying? Bo.
Bo Fridh: Yes, I mean, you got a choice, because the limitation on characters can either have a name or an address.
Bo Fridh: And we're thinking from the perspective of delivery drivers, they're more interested in, you know, going to a specific address
Scott Thompson: right?
Bo Fridh: There are some folks who don't want to have their name displayed.
Bo Fridh: Oh, I can't think of any reason why you wouldn't want to have your address displayed, because there's no no name associated with. It's just basically for somebody visiting you. If you haven't given the No code, mostly delivery
Bo Fridh: furniture delivery, whatever.
mary: That'd be better for 9 1 one call as well. For some reason, you know, they had to look at the Directory.
Bo Fridh: True.
Bo Fridh: we're good. Well, for 9, 1 one calls We're required to let the sheriff's department know, and and
Bo Fridh:  probably, and maybe in Seneca police I don't know. But we have to provide a 9 1 one access code
Bo Fridh: for all emergency personnel.
Scott Smith: Okay, that's good.
Bo Fridh:  so I think I was, I was at a point where they'll have access basically to just open a gate momentarily when somebody presses, you know, selects their name and and presses that
Bo Fridh: they don't have access to do anything else within that cell gate system that we're using. And just to let you know cell gate is about as user, friendly as polar. It's a pain in the ass from an administration perspective.
Bo Fridh: But from the user perspective, we get folks set up with this. It shouldn't be a big deal.
Bo Fridh: Also be able to do is when somebody presses their location. It's gonna pop up on their phone.
Bo Fridh: Billy and I get this all the time now, because folks that go up there, and Billy's names on there. I'm on there. I don't know what else is there but like probably 1520 times a day between the 2 of us.
Bo Fridh: We have to get on into around the phone doing something. Or if you just get the notification on the phone, you look at us a Selegate thing. We click on it. We can see who's there. They can tell us where they're going, and we hit the open gate button.
Bo Fridh: What is that the business of doing that? How is that going to your landline? Or is that going to your cell phone?
Bo Fridh: I have no landline.
Scott Thompson: right? Nobody does.
Bo Fridh: Yeah. Now, that's strictly to the cell phone. Yeah. Cause on a landline. You're not gonna see who's there?
Scott Thompson: Right?
Bo Fridh: The the second option that was on there was
Bo Fridh: was basically to let people opt out.
Bo Fridh: And the more we, Billy and I kick it around the less we like that idea, because then we're what we'd have to do is tell the folks that listen. If you don't want to be on there, and you've got a delivery
Bo Fridh: once we've got the system fully implemented.
Bo Fridh: They got no way to get in, because if they call me, you know, if they just start going down the list of addresses and pressing buttons. We're gonna tell folks if you don't know who it is they're not coming to. You don't open the gate.
Bo Fridh: and obviously, if the person decides well, just hang out a bit. Wait till somebody leaves or somebody else is coming in. They have that option, but
Bo Fridh: you know the the security is is limited at best in terms of what we can provide. What we did was, if you found that spreadsheet screenshot I had
Bo Fridh: have it set up with a phase 1, 2, and 3. Phase one is Harbor Point Road, and and the roads off of that. and what we do is is use their lot numbers. So the codes will be pretty simple. We're gonna assign codes.
Bo Fridh: So for somebody who's on, let's say, Lot 35, they're gonna have 1 0 3, 5, because they're in phase one.
Bo Fridh: So we do that phase 2 would be quite pine road, and the roads off of that the 3 cul de sacs off of that that would be.
Bo Fridh: Whatever the lot number is. Scott, what's your lot? Number
Scott Thompson: 28,
Bo Fridh: what is it? No, no, Scott Smith, Scott Smith.
Bo Fridh: 75. So Scott would be in phase 2. He'd be 2 0 7 5,
Bo Fridh: because he's in phase 2. Then phase 3 would be Harbor Point Road, and everything there would start with 3, and if somebody's on like say, lot 1, 22, they'd be 3, 1, 2, 2,
Bo Fridh: one of the nice things about that is, there's no no combination of the phase, or a lot number that would be 2012, or 2020. So
Bo Fridh: we can get rid of those numbers. It's not going to impact anybody that's here.
Bo Fridh: The burden is going to be on folks to let their you know.
Bo Fridh: Their friends know their relatives know, or whatever what the gate code is, or
Bo Fridh: they're going to be on that board if they live here and be able to answer that if they don't live here, let's say they're I don't know. They've got somebody coming out to to give a quote on clearing the land.
Bo Fridh: whatever. Even with that, if they push the lot. what's a vacant lot? Number lots 29.
Bo Fridh: Now say, lot 32, it's going to go to whoever owns Lot 32, and they can let the person in.
Scott Thompson: And you're gonna plug in this cell phone numbers out of a directory.
Bo Fridh: I think I got a screenshot I had there. You know we have most cell numbers for folks. Not all, but most
Bo Fridh: there. There's some quirky things or properties been sold since we first started doing this. So there's different owners, that kind of stuff. But
Bo Fridh: it'll it'll be a work in progress.
Scott Thompson: So if you need cell phone numbers. I've got almost 50 of them that I've collected with this. the bush hugging.
Bo Fridh: Well, we've got most of this stuff just off off of Polara.
Bo Fridh: So we've got, I'd say, out of the 150, or whatever lots we have, we've probably got a
Bo Fridh: 135 identified and or 130
Scott Thompson: alright circle back to me. If you you want me to send bush because I have their email addresses
Scott Thompson: lot numbering in cell phone number. If you're missing, honey.
Bo Fridh: Okay, I'll let you know anybody have any any concerns about
Scott Thompson: what we're looking at doing. No, I think it's a great great step forward
Bo Fridh: question is, how soon do we wanna roll it out until we get everybody assigned and and the information out to everybody. We can't get rid of 2012 and 2020.
jb_ad: Well, is there a way that that like data will be collected or can be collected on.
jb_ad: you know who's going in and out, and and all that.
Bo Fridh: Yep.
Bo Fridh: that's that's all captured by by the app. It's called Cellgate. So that's all captured on there. So you'll be able to tell when
Bo Fridh: well, if one thing I didn't mention, somebody's going to be building a lot, let's say lot
Bo Fridh: 100 and 13, or whatever they're going to build.
Bo Fridh: They're down in Harbor Ridge, so their their gate number would be 3, 1, 1, 3. What we do is as soon as they tell us they're going to build is give them
Bo Fridh: probably just put a 9 as the first number 9, 1, 1, 3. That would be the number they would give to their general contractor for their general contractor to disseminate to their subcontractors.
Bo Fridh: and if if they show up and they don't have that number again. We're going to tell other folks. Don't let somebody in if you don't know who it is, or if they're coming to you.
Bo Fridh: and then, once the construction is done, we would just take that 9, 1, 1, 3 out of the system.
jb_ad: but 2012 and 2020 are still gonna be
jb_ad: access for ups or
Bo Fridh: no.
mary: we're gonna let. We're gonna let. No, it's gonna get to the point where ups if they don't know.
Bo Fridh: they they need to be able to
Bo Fridh: press the button on the Directory to get lead in.
Bo Fridh: The the whole idea is to get rid of the standardized numbers that everybody in the brother can pass around to each other. Homeowner give
Scott Thompson: ups or Fedex their access code based off the what you're gonna plug into their lap number. And absolutely. Yeah. If if you, as a homeowner, want to let ups know that, hey? When you come to deliver to me, here's here's the access code perfect.
Bo Fridh: That's fine. And then, obviously, they can use that number for anybody. But
Scott Thompson: so we had done.
Bo Fridh: That's that's a problem where there's there's, you know, in terms of what percentage of security we're getting out of this 50%, maybe.
Andrew Henshaw: Can you change the the shareable access code? Or automatically, you know, like every
Andrew Henshaw: couple of months that you know that everybody shareable code would would
Andrew Henshaw: have to be changed. It would be automatically changed, and they would get a new one.
Bo Fridh: What do you mean by shareable code?
Andrew Henshaw: So don't. Is it gonna be that everybody's gonna have 2 codes?
Andrew Henshaw: One is like a permanent one and another one would be shareable.
Andrew Henshaw: No, you're gonna have your code, if you can share that with wherever you want to. Would it be possible? What's that? Would it be possible to do that? To give everybody you know this is your code. This is your one that you give to delivery people.
Andrew Henshaw: and then the delivery. One could be changed or would be changed regularly.
Scott Thompson: The same thing right?
Andrew Henshaw: That sounds like an administrator, the one that you use all the time you'd like, you know, not have to. you know, constantly have that one, but the one that you would give out to somebody just because they're gonna deliver pizza or something like that.
Andrew Henshaw: You don't want that to be sticking around for very long. No, but again, the idea is, you don't get in the code. They show up, they press your address. You let them in. They don't need a code.
Bo Fridh: Okay, yeah, we we want to limit to the extent. That's a whole idea with going with this thing and not letting people opt out.
Bo Fridh: so that when they've got somebody coming to them. you know, if you don't want to give them if they don't want to give them a code. You don't things like construction. When you got a Gc. Coming for 9 months, 10 months, 12 months.
Bo Fridh: They don't need to be punching the button every time they would get their construction code for the duration of the construction.
Andrew Henshaw: Well, it just seems like. It would be nice to to be able to have a temporary code that you could give out.
Andrew Henshaw: You know, cause you've got somebody that's coming and staying with you, but you don't want to let them have your code
Andrew Henshaw: forever.
Andrew Henshaw: And if it was, and if there is, and if it's not a big a cost or something like that associated with it.
Andrew Henshaw: I would think, if it's just a matter of the system providing it.
Bo Fridh: It's not a matter of the system providing it. It's a matter of Mere Billy
Bo Fridh: taking the time to go through and change all of them.
Scott Thompson: Oh, I think it'd be helpful if Andrew is up to speed on, Andrew. What we're working on is we're getting a bid on
Scott Thompson: Live Security cameras
Scott Thompson: to be put at the front entrance so it'll catch cars going in and coming out. Yeah. So if there is anything where somebody
Scott Thompson: keys in a number and gets in.
Scott Thompson: it may not be, we'll catch him instantly, but we will be able to roll the cameras back and attach a crime to a license plate.
Andrew Henshaw: Okay, yeah.
Scott Thompson: And Bo, where do we stand? Is that guy getting back to you with a bit at all?
Bo Fridh: Well, you're supposed to send you and me a quote. I'm going to guess you haven't gotten it, either.
Bo Fridh: Yeah, he said. He'd have it to us. I think last week that's what I thought.
Scott Thompson: I'll give him a jingle. He's looking for some business, so I'm sure he's hopefully he's working on sourcing it.
Bo Fridh: Okay, he was out there. He was out there looking at it, so I know he's on site. So
mary: are those just cameras only, or is there any monitoring through that company that they do?
Scott Thompson: He was gonna give us 2 options. Right? Bo.
Bo Fridh: Well, he he said, the option of having monitoring and stuff he goes, I can tell you, for a development decides it's gonna be cost prohibitive.
Scott Thompson: Right?
Scott Thompson: Alright. Let's let's see what he gives us, and then we'll we'll put it out to the group for
Scott Thompson: discussion.
Bo Fridh: Okay.
Scott Thompson: so Andrew is gonna put out a post with the the open board seat.
Scott Thompson: Soon he's gonna post the
Scott Thompson: recommended vendors. Beau, could you have him post the proper gate clickers to buy for your
Scott Thompson: cars. Yeah.
Scott Thompson: So what would that be? It's a liftmaster, something 800 or whatever.
Bo Fridh: Yeah, I'll I'll
Bo Fridh: What's your cell number. Andrew.
Bo Fridh: you're on mute. Yeah, you're on mute.
Okay?
Andrew Henshaw: Sorry about that. Aren't good. Yeah. 4, 4, 7, 1, 7,
Andrew Henshaw: 4, 1, 8, one.
Bo Fridh: 7, 1, 7, 4, 1, 8, one.
Bo Fridh: Okay, I'm gonna send you a picture of the front and the back
Bo Fridh: of the actual lift master thing. It's got the code on and stuff. So people order the right thing. We just need to stress that doing a knock off of something that says equivalent to it's not gonna work
Scott Thompson: went through 2 rounds of that.
Scott Thompson: And I think they're probably the same amount of money, too. It's just a matter of knowing which one proper one.
Bo Fridh: It's exactly
Scott Thompson: okay. You got anything else, though. Cause I wanna add one more thing to the front gate.
Scott Thompson: Mike, is it? Your neighbor Ed?
Scott Thompson: No, bob so Bob Mike and I met up front.
Scott Thompson: and we realize there is no way to get any power to the right side of the gate to to add lights or whatever a plug over there. So
Scott Thompson: probably about right about. Now we're going to look to on a warm weekend to rent a trencher.
Scott Thompson: We're gonna cut the road open by about like 3 inches.
Scott Thompson: and we're going to put a drop in a 2 inch pipe
Scott Thompson: that we can put a new line over to the other side of the gate. and then we're gonna seal it up. And we could also use that line to add another line to it down the road if we need it
Scott Thompson: right now. The the builder.
Scott Thompson: whoever put the power to the right side of the gate. Put a line over there and a half inch line, and you cannot run another line to it.
Scott Thompson: Well, we're kind of screwed on
Scott Thompson: modifying cameras or Christmas lights, or whatever we want to do. They're also
Scott Thompson: Scott was pointing out to me that the lights are led.
Scott Thompson: and we want to be able to repair those on both sides of the gate.
Scott Smith: So I will. I will give it, Bob.
Scott Thompson: and we'll find a weekend. We're gonna do that
Scott Smith: one comment, Scott.
Scott Smith: Oh, but when he's putting the plugin on the right side, put an extra plug in on the left side.
Scott Smith: cause there there is power on the left side, but it's not convenient to plug anything into it, because it's occupied by
mary: yeah. Well.
Scott Smith: well, there'll be 2 outlets on each side.
Scott Smith: and I did have one more question from Boe, did you? I think you asked a question, but I didn't hear the answer. Maybe you said if I didn't hear it. Wh? What? When are you gonna make these changes to the panel?
Scott Smith: It's a great idea. What? When is that gonna happen?
Bo Fridh:  to be determined, I guess. How soon do we want to?
Scott Thompson: Let's try to go live with it by sometime in the first quarter. How's that for a goal.
Bo Fridh: Okay with with all of them, or you want to roll it out in phases.
Scott Thompson:  might as well do all of them. I would say, somebody who's living here, and all the lot, numbers and stuff might as well roll it out.
Bo Fridh: Andrew, that'd be something good to put in the
Bo Fridh: Newsletter is that when we do this, the 2,012 and 2020 are gonna go away.
Bo Fridh: So I'll get with Billy. I'll get with Billy and and try to put something. That's
Bo Fridh:  The relatively succinct
Bo Fridh: contains the information on
Bo Fridh: how to get the or, you know, downloading the Sell Gate app, and what functionality individuals will have in terms of
Bo Fridh: their phone ringing and seeing this thing that, says Selegate on it.
Bo Fridh: Maybe some screenshots whatever to it's going to involve some training, but I mean, we've got to roll it out and
Bo Fridh: see what happens.
Scott Smith: It'd be nice to have that in that first quarter newsletter. That that
Bo Fridh: oh, yeah, you know. And we can 2020, 2012 around for a while. We can tell them it's going away immediately, but
Bo Fridh: we can keep it in place for a month or 2.
Scott Thompson: It'd be nice to announce power with seasonal lighting up front led and
Scott Thompson: Scott and I are gonna power. Wash the front entrance as soon as we get a warm weekend here and lot of good stuff.
Scott Smith: Just one small maintenance
Scott Smith: question trivial about what one place where we lived
Scott Smith: that had the same system. It everybody had their own code.
Scott Smith: and and when people sold their house there was never any maintenance to it.
Scott Smith: I could go into that development 5 years later, plug in my old code and still get in there.
Scott Smith: And they I bet they had all kinds of cameras, too, though right? So the point is when somebody we use for
Scott Smith: Bowles team would need to be involved in the lupa. Erase those, sir. Codes.
Scott Thompson: you know.
Bo Fridh: Yeah. True.
Scott Thompson: Alrighty. Anything else to add to the the front gate
Bo Fridh: the only thing I had throw in is this, this is kind of humorous. If anybody wants to go into towns, point next door. No, not Talents. Point. What's the hideaway cove?
mary: Pull up the gate and use use the same clicker. We have it all open our gate
mary: that's awesome.
Scott Smith: and then go inside. See if it works on their garage doors.
Scott Smith: Alright, I wanna
Scott Thompson: I wanna do a shout out here to Scott Smith. He's been doing a great job on the Treasury with Diane and
Scott Thompson: update the financials. And one of the
Scott Thompson: the best things that Scott's doing also is getting our collections up to date. So
Scott Thompson: got I appreciate the hard work.
Scott Smith: Thank you, my dogs.
Scott Smith: Even the dog liked it.
Scott Thompson: So you put out a a report earlier?
Scott Smith: Yes, III put out the the 3 financial reports, and then 15 min before the meeting I sent Andrew, and then a copy. The rest of you just bullet points to make your minute writing simpler. II presume you'll will write it from the department.
Scott Smith: or is it? Are these gonna be recorded? No one. anyway?
Scott Smith: Anyway. So is. Shall I go, Scott, your.
Scott Smith: it's my turn.
Scott Smith: Yeah, absolutely so. Just
Scott Smith: the the highlights. You can look at the financial report yourself with the highlights of that. Our account balance as of the end of December is $309,252, 89 cents.
Scott Smith: and the net cash increase over the year from January first into December 30. First, we we we added an additional $73,000,
Scott Smith: $73,228
Scott Smith: reason for that. Substantial increase is one is we've had
Scott Smith: a lot of success. Tremendous success. Paragraph to my expectations on collections of past delinquencies.
Scott Smith: and we spent $29,000 less than budgeted most that
Scott Smith: for less legal work when budgeted.
Scott Smith: and we we received an extra $3,411 in interest that wasn't budgeted before.
Scott Smith: and I think that the not I don't. I can't confirm this exactly because the 2024 dues that were paid in 2023 might be a little bit higher than last year.
Scott Smith: So that would that would kick up our cash a little bit.
Problem.
Scott Smith: We have a real milestone moment here, folks.
Scott Smith: all 2023 dues have been paid.
Andrew Henshaw: Wow!
Scott Smith: For all practical purposes 1 one is in the mail
Scott Smith: hasn't been posted, but
Scott Smith: he confirmed it yesterday.
Scott Smith: So I mean, that was, it's a
Scott Smith: when when we this this board was formed
Scott Smith: in July the accounts receivable was an early 20,000. It's it's been amazing. It's just required a lot of follow up
Scott Smith: and as far as 2024 dues, approximately 2 thirds have paid as of today.
Scott Thompson: Good job.
Scott Smith: that's it.
Scott Thompson: That's awesome. And I'll get to it in a little while. But you did. You put money in the budget for a quarterly
Scott Smith: yes, the block party.
Scott Thompson: So here's what we need to do. I'll jump ahead.
Scott Thompson: I was thinking of hosting down this call to sake a St. Patty's themed lock party. and since the we are taking money out of the budget, we should probably post it a month in advance
Scott Thompson: to let anybody that doesn't live here.
Scott Thompson: Consider coming over and getting their money's worth if they want to come over for a little
Scott Thompson: corn beef dinner. So what do you think would be a good proper time to give that notice to, so that they don't come back and tell us that the why are you spending my money and not inviting me to sell them
Scott Thompson: more weeks? Good.
Scott Smith: Yeah.
Scott Thompson: Okay.
Bo Fridh: So they plan.
Scott Thompson: Maybe Andrew will even make a road trip full of corn, beef and cabbage.
Andrew Henshaw: Wi-fi wi-fi might like it. I'm not a corn beef, guy, but
Scott Thompson: I gotcha I get I'll get you up.
Andrew Henshaw: Good hamburger.
Scott Smith: Greet lean beer.
Scott Thompson: Okay, Mike Sinclair, you're on the clock.
mary: Alright. Let's see.
Scott Smith: Hello!
mary: Don't really have any brand new start, so to speak. We have roughly 10 houses under construction
mary: basically 4 that remain from last year
mary: that it carried into this year.
mary:  don't have any real problems with the new starts. They've moved along quite well.
mary: I do have
mary: 3 lots that I'd like to talk to you guys about.
mary: We have my neighbor like 98. He's been under construction almost 2 years. still doesn't have sheet rock in place yet as well as exterior.
mary: And then
mary: another problem, child, we have, of course, is
mary: lot 36. That's the wheels. That's the modular home. They've pretty much stopped construction. Looks like to me. and then
mary: a third issue I have. They don't have a house in place, but
mary: besides Scott Smith, not 76. I wrote my 4 wheeler down there yesterday, and
mary: you know that guy just left a total mess. He's got logs cut. He's got stops and branches everywhere. He still has a piece of equipment down there. But I think we need to start sending letters out and or letters and emails. So we have a paper trail. So we can put some
mary: teeth you know, maybe start some type of fads or something. Try to get these people moving. I know when we do the CC. In ours, and all we need to put some language in there. II think maybe one year
mary:  maybe too fast. The time period. But 18 months definitely from permit to CEO,
mary: I think once the house and complete. And again, we might need to impose some type of penalty. But
mary: I think we definitely need to send some letters out to those 3 lots in particular. So that,
mary: you know, we have a background history with them. I mean.
mary: who knows what's gonna happen? A lot? 36, I mean, that's you know. But I don't think it's fair to the neighbors for that stuff to go on.
mary: you know that amount of time. And I think we need to do something about it.
Scott Thompson: Mike. I couldn't agree with you. I couldn't agree with you more and I have no problem being the bad guys guys. So why don't you give me the
Scott Thompson: send me the 3 lot numbers.
Scott Thompson: I will put together an email
Scott Thompson: and then shoot it out to the group. Make sure we're not
Scott Thompson: Miss Nathan.
Scott Thompson: and if we all like the verbiage of the email.
Scott Thompson: II do think we need to get back on track. I did write it in the agenda somewhere that I think that lot 58 even with the interruptions that he had. He's working over there every day now.
Scott Thompson: But I think he's going on 2 years now, right?
mary: Yeah, he's pushing, but you know we we had that big delay with him legal against him, so I can understand that a little bit. But
mary: you know
mary: we need to do something about a couple of these other folks, and we course we'll get our CC in ours in place. You know. We just need to put the right terminology in there where you know, we have a little T,
mary: and you know something that we can.
mary: you know, impose on people, you know.
mary: when they, you know.
Bo Fridh: unlock, unlock 36. I talked to Zack, the guy that moved in on the corner right next to.
Bo Fridh: and he spoke with
Bo Fridh: either the owner or somebody looking to buy it. But they're trying to sell. They've got no money to complete that thing, so they're actively trying to sell it.
mary: Well.
that's
mary: probably a good thing I didn't way over their heads on that.
Scott Thompson: They gonna build a goods. They're trying to sell. They gotta a septic system. They got a modular house that's half done. Good luck to them.
mary: Yeah, exactly. I mean, that's a solid, granted piece of rock down there as well. One more note.
mary: we. We got a request from Lot 47. Then I think it's natashi and Southern we need to discuss. They wanna add, I think a 2 car gravel pad for additional parking. I think I send it to you, Scott, in it. Maybe that was going to be one of my questions. Zoom.
Scott Thompson: it's not exactly what he's looking for. I talked to him
Scott Thompson: yesterday.
mary: He has a severely steep driveway. Yeah. He thinks that he can
Scott Thompson: put a gravel to car Lot up by the street, and I told him that that's not his property.
mary: How much, how much of the property from the street frontages is is
Scott Thompson: the easement for the county.
mary: It it it depends on for a lot in a lot of areas. But yeah, it's usually in the 12 to 15 foot range. And yeah, that's
mary: let's see grass. So yeah, that's county right away. He he can't go inside that. Yeah. So II told him no, as of right now, but I'd look into it.
Scott Thompson: I also told him that if we did have any ice situations
Scott Thompson: that he could park a car up in that.
Scott Thompson: Whatever you want to call that turnaround spot. That's
Scott Thompson: over by that jiffy, John.
Scott Thompson: we don't have a cul de sac, but it's a it's some type of turnaround. So I told him. I said, if he wants to keep his car off the road.
Scott Thompson: We would let him park there during ice storms. Only
mary: gotcha.
mary: Well, that sounds
Scott Thompson: Yup, so don't worry about getting back to him. I told him he cannot put any gravel temporary driveway up by the street.
Bo Fridh: So is that your neighbor, Scott Scott, is that your neighbor?
mary: Yeah, that driveway is hilarious.
Scott Thompson: so he realizes that we'll see how he does during the ice storms, or I wouldn't even want to get on that in a rainstorm.
Scott Thompson: You know, yoders has to deliver here with a record. A record comes with him. It pulls him back up the hill.
Scott Thompson: It's possible.
mary:  yeah.
Scott Thompson: okay, I appreciate it. Let's see
Scott Smith: that one, Scott, the I'm looking at the Polygon map
Scott Smith: that Andrew put together the Corny County, and it looks probably about 15 feet off of the asphalt.
Scott Smith: you know. So it's that. That is, something wouldn't work across the street. It's a different story. But it's yeah, like I said, they all very. I figures close 15 feet.
Scott Smith: Yup, yup, so that's a no go. I told them right now until the years.
Scott Thompson: if anything changes. So he was good. With that he appreciate me reaching out to him.
Scott Smith: And then one other comment on as you're preparing that email.
Scott Smith: you know I will, I will check. I'll make it an action mind to check on this. But II think I agree with all all of you, that the Ccr's and bylaws need to be a lot clear
Scott Smith: on this issues of construction completion. And then.
Scott Smith: oh, absolutely. But if there is vague language in there to have it done in a year. And there is vague language in there that that we we could actually clean it up and charge.
Scott Thompson: Oh, we're gonna
Scott Smith: yeah.
Scott Thompson: that's very important that people can't take 3 years to complete a house. That's not. That's not fair to your neighbors.
mary: No, sir.
Scott Smith: So I just mentioned that. So we're going to put some good teeth into that one definitely.
mary: Yeah, my mother and I,
mary: and try to stay. I mean.
mary: some type of terminology. We're Bar Barnum's aren't allowed as well. Type homes cause typically, those are associated with people that work out of their house typically construction
mary: construction type people
mary: which I am, but but I mean we will. We. We don't want trucks rather than not, you know, running a business. So
mary: the thing is the strange thing about it. The one situation we got up there. The guys got all the huge doors up there in his boat, sits outside his campus. It's outside, so I don't know what he has since storage in there, but so
Scott Thompson: got it going on.
mary: Yeah, I guess.
Scott Thompson: Alright, John, if I could take the lead on your stealing your thunder here, I wanna throw something out at you. I think we've all realized. And
Scott Thompson: talking to residents one after another after another.
Scott Thompson: Nobody could
Scott Thompson: that I've spoke to is given a rats. You know. What about the clubhouse? So
Scott Thompson: I'm I'm gonna throw out.
Scott Thompson: I'd like to give John Beech the right to get an appraisal. I think it's gonna cost us 6 or $700 to get the clubhouse appraised.
Scott Thompson: and then once we get it appraised. We're gonna put together a two-step survey pre-standing survey out to the residents. We're gonna tell them
Scott Thompson: what the clubhouses were. The issues with the clubhouse. What it would take approximately to fix it? Or
Scott Thompson: do we want to take the money and expand the boatyard? Possible playgrounds, possible pickle ball courts, so given every everybody a number of space fixing the
Scott Thompson: run entrance and consider opening the back gate at some capacity.
jb_ad: So let me just let me just make sure that I understand what you're asking me to do.
jb_ad: we're gonna we're gonna get an appraisal for the the land
jb_ad: and the building complete as one
jb_ad: to put up for sale, possibly, or present to the homeowners, possibly in a survey. So in a freestanding survey
jb_ad: right we already have an idea what it's gonna cost to fix it. It's anywhere from 50 to $75,000, which would be an assessment.
jb_ad: Right? So
jb_ad:  yeah, I can. I can do that. I know that.
jb_ad: I know Alicia Keys is a realtor. She might be of some help. I'm if I can get her information. Maybe she can kind of give me a round about idea without
jb_ad: having to go to a formal appraisal. But I'm sure we will. so why don't you do this?
Scott Thompson: Shoot us a number on how much you need to spend to get that done, and then we will all approve of you spending that money. Once we find out it's not out of the wheelhouse of what we want to commit to. It's probably a minimum of 600.
jb_ad: So it's just part of our moving forward pro process. So does everybody agree on that?
Scott Smith: II would agree with that. And the point is, we're listed for sale. But it would. I think we'd need more than just to gut billing. We need an official appraisal money and get a real appraiser in here. It's gonna do the job right, and have something that
Scott Thompson: if somebody wants to make us an offer, it's something we can use as a document.
Scott Smith: This week we received an unsolicited offer for that property.
Scott Smith: but 2 $215,750 from a some development company, north Carolina.
Scott Smith: I think it's a scam. We won't respond to it.
Scott Smith: And also the lot adjacent to 19 is currently listed for $399,000.
jb_ad: Do not wait lot 19,
mary: about 20 or
mary: 20. I'll tell you which one? It's 21. I know. 21. I think it's 21, yeah, 99,000. 400,000. Yup
Scott Smith: almost kind of narrow entry.
Scott Smith: Yes, Harbor, that's what I'm trying to. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to figure out what's going on. It's, it's it's it's it's, it's, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not
Scott Smith: equivalent.
Scott Smith: But it's it's a half. Acre, smaller worth. And it's listed for $100,000 higher.
mary: 491,000, yeah.
Scott Smith: 59, I think, wasn't sold for 5 99.
jb_ad: That's a Badabo Sweeney's sister owns it.
Bo Fridh: Which which lot is that?
jb_ad: Yeah.
jb_ad: Yeah. 5 5 plus
mary: yeah.
Scott Smith: So there, so that we're looking at some serious coin to do what's right at the boat yard. Other things
jb_ad: I actually spoke with my builder, and she said she would be interested in buying it, but she would not.
jb_ad: she would not tear that existing structure down. No, I don't think so. Somebody can still make that work.
Scott Thompson: Yeah. definitely.
Scott Smith: without drawing up question. Have one question for Mike Sinclair on this. So the it's part of the septic field system. But it it it so is it, I believe.
Scott Smith: but but it was built before the septic fuel is even done. So I guess
mary: some kind of septic system down there probably
mary: 500, I would think a 500 gallon maximum. For all we know, 55 55 gallon.
Bo Fridh: That could be problematic. Yeah.
jb_ad: Be able to research on the county records.
mary: Yeah. 0 bedroom facility.
Scott Smith: Somebody keeps. Somebody keeps getting in it, though. The window
Bo Fridh: 2 or 3 times. I think somebody's sleeping in there, or something I don't know.
Scott Thompson: Wow!
Andrew Henshaw: If if we're gonna send this as part of the a survey.
Andrew Henshaw: then. I expect you were going to have ask them about some of the alternatives or things to do with the money that they're proceeds right?
Andrew Henshaw: So do we need to do some. Get some estimates for those items. Also other things. I'll send you a spreadsheet. I've already got ballpark figures on all that for the bill yard.
Scott Thompson: but we also need to find out if Lot Number One does anybody have a relationship with a guy that owns those 3 spots?
Bo Fridh: Is that toll-free?
Bo Fridh: I've met him once, but I've got 0 relationship with them. I wouldn't know, you know.
Bo Fridh: ran into them today.
Scott Thompson: Somebody told me at 1 point that he would be willing to give up Lot Number One because he does not have access to it.
Scott Thompson: and I didn't know if we would need to purchase that, or we would just sign it over to us. So I'd like to reach out to them
Scott Thompson: before we do this. before we get to the point of someone listing that property and doing a survey.
Scott Thompson: because that I think it probably cost at least $50,000 to knock down those trees. Fill in that gully, and make that an expansion of the boatyard.
Scott Thompson: So, Andrew, if you have a phone number for him.
Bo Fridh:  yeah, okay.
Andrew Henshaw: pull it up.
Scott Thompson: So, John, you're gonna take the lead on, get an appraisal. Absolutely. So here's what I want you to do. Get a phone number, get a price on a proper appraisal
Scott Thompson: shoot it out to the board and we'll make a motion to move forward with that expense.
Scott Thompson: You got that. Okay? Now, what I'd like to do is I would wrap up like to wrap up the rest of the meeting with commenting on the great job that Andrew did by putting together that
Scott Thompson: survey monkey on that nice format. So, Andrew, if you could expand on that a little bit and then let me know if you're gonna be able to take The other comments are added by the team members to
Scott Thompson: start moving forward so we can think about getting this out to the residents.
Andrew Henshaw: Sure.
Andrew Henshaw: So the I don't know if I
Andrew Henshaw: feedback let me see if I can share this.
Andrew Henshaw: You're all seeing that. Yeah, yes, okay, good. So I was testing out a couple of different options I mentioned survey king and server here, and server, monkey and
Andrew Henshaw: and
Andrew Henshaw: doing the editing. I really like the Super Survey hero, so
Andrew Henshaw: we can get a monthly we can. We can get a monthly pass.
Andrew Henshaw: or we can pay for a year, and it's cheaper. So it's $35 per month. $25 a month if we do a year a yearly thing this is what it
Andrew Henshaw: I did a few I can only do until we actually pay for it. I can only do up 10. It would look something like this. And then each one of those sections that I had
Andrew Henshaw: that we had. That I have little yellow boxes around each one of those would be a separate page. It would look like this. And if you're looking at all
Andrew Henshaw: on a
Andrew Henshaw: but when it would look like that, so they do a nice job, I think, with it.
Andrew Henshaw: And so, Scott, whichever one way you'd like to do it. If we're gonna do. If we think we're gonna do multiple surveys, you know, in the year.
Andrew Henshaw: I'd like to make a motion to, I'd like to make a move motion at least by one year, so we can be aggressive on some of the things we would like to do.
Andrew Henshaw: Okay.
Andrew Henshaw: So, Scott, how do you just send you the link to it? And and or do you want me to just pay for myself and then get reimbursed or no. I've got a debit card if you send it to me.
Scott Thompson: Alright super, so do we want to make a motion that. If it's so, what would 25
Andrew Henshaw: 360.
Scott Thompson: So that's make a motion that will spend
Andrew Henshaw: under 400 h, and I'll go ahead and just do this as soon as I get that link.
Scott Thompson: Yeah, right? But it'll be under 4
Bo Fridh: to make a motion to go ahead with it.
jb_ad: Okay, I'll second it
Andrew Henshaw: works.
Andrew Henshaw: so I'll go ahead and put the rest of what we have. Then the last version that I had, and I'll check to make sure that I'm not missing anybody's comments.
Andrew Henshaw: and then then I can share this survey with you, and you can. Everybody can look at it.
Andrew Henshaw: There, live essentially. I'll I'll do that as well.
Scott Thompson: I love to look, and I think the residents will appreciate the the simplicity of this versus that old
Andrew Henshaw: mess that we used to work with
Andrew Henshaw: legal review. Do we need?
Andrew Henshaw: I don't know if anybody still on the board still wants that or not.
Andrew Henshaw: but
Andrew Henshaw: it's it is just a survey kind of disclaimers on it, saying, This is just a survey.
Scott Thompson: So the way I see this is it's There is nothing going live yet that needs to be presented to legal. So once we get done cleaning up the survey, I think the
Scott Thompson: maybe we visit taking that to legal to
mary: what are your thoughts? Yeah, it's done.
Scott Smith: It depends what we're asking.
mary: We're just sure
Scott Smith: asking for opinion that if if what we're gonna do with information, I guess.
Scott Smith: So the our lawyers are very, very easy to work with.
Scott Thompson: I shot them something that she said. It's gonna take you 2 weeks to make an appointment, or did you just shoot me over what your question is. So I'd like to shoot them. Our final survey
Scott Thompson: and just, Sarah, we okay to present this to the residents as a survey only. or feedback without a
Scott Thompson: going. Then we'll tell them we're gonna circle back, live. Once we finalize it through the residence.
jb_ad: Scott, what's the attorney's name
Scott Thompson: enough to look it up? It's on an email. I don't know him that. Well.
Bo Fridh: since we're referencing the CC. In ours that this stuff is addressing issues.
Bo Fridh: If it's going to cost
Bo Fridh: 500 bucks, 800 bucks to get a legal review upfront. Why not?
Scott Thompson: I'll send it to them. They may not ask for that. They just may look it over and say, you guys are
Scott Thompson: within your boundaries of shooting the survey out to your residence for feedback before you actually put it into effect.
Scott Thompson: They'll answer that question for me.
Bo Fridh: Okay.
Andrew Henshaw: well, I don't know if I can stop sharing, so unfortunately.
Andrew Henshaw: my zoom window is all kind of
Bo Fridh: now we're we're back to the regular zoom window.
Andrew Henshaw: Oh, okay, good. So, Andrea, if you wanna if you want to circle back to everybody. And I think, Scott, you have some feedback and maybe somebody else. So
Scott Thompson: let's make sure that
Scott Thompson: if before we complete this phase that anybody gets their last minute input.
Scott Thompson: But I appreciate the Andrew taking the lead on that, and I will get that. I will pay for that and let you know as soon as the
Scott Thompson: the transaction goes through, so you can start working on it.
Scott Smith: II don't know if you need to make the motion, Scott, you you started to to purchase this software, but I think you have unanimous consent. That consensus, I think, here, do you? Wanna
Scott Thompson: yep. I appreciate it.
Scott Thompson: But you're okay with me putting on the debit card. Right?
Scott Smith: Yeah, I'm I'm okay. I'm just. I'm saying that you started to make the motion. So if you wanted to finish motion, I think all
mary: Hi!
Scott Thompson: Alright. So we are approaching the 1 h window, which is my goal of 59 min.
Scott Thompson: Does anybody have anything else to add?
Bo Fridh: Just gonna throw out something I heard again talking to the new guy Zack up there, you know, Scott, I know Scott Thompson, and anybody living
Bo Fridh: down towards the Covent
Bo Fridh: where the community center is getting out of there when the water is low is
Bo Fridh: a real pain in the ass.
Bo Fridh: Apparently. Zack, called Duke Power and said, You guys gonna do any dredging over there, so that although all the people that live over
Bo Fridh: at our end down here and across the way over at the hideaway Cove can actually use their boats to get out to the main water, and apparently he was told, the Duke will dredge it
jb_ad: if collectively, people come up with $50,000,
Scott Thompson: so I really don't care. But here's the deal with dredging. I I was in charge of a dredging project down in
Scott Thompson: Stewart, Florida. and it came to
Scott Thompson: about a hundred 25,000 h. So if they'll do that whole stretch for $50,000,
Scott Thompson: and we have 40 residents from that far point all the way back to the next neighborhood over. it's actually not a bad number to divide that by
Scott Thompson: 35, 40 people.
Bo Fridh: Yeah, that's what Zach said. And you know, I'm kind of like.
Bo Fridh: I'm not on the water. So it doesn't impact me one way or the other, really, except that I'm using somebody's back now.
Scott Thompson: So what I would do is up. I did this in a joining neighborhood down in Stewart. I got every one of them to they actually ended up paying 3 quarters of it because it only impacted
Scott Thompson: like
Scott Thompson: 3 city blocks of our resident where they had another canal that went in there. So I don't. I research
Scott Thompson: I'll get with Zack and see if he wants to. Tell me who we talk to at Duke. and I'll look into putting together a proposal of dredging, and then I'll start
Scott Thompson: soliciting the neighborhood across the street. What's the name of that neighborhood.
mary: Heidi Cole.
Scott Thompson: Okay, I'll reach out to their president over there and see if if they're interested in going in on us with a investment.
jb_ad: Yeah, the waters, the waters actually pretty much deeper on that side of the cove.
Scott Thompson: Yeah. But if they can't get out, we're all in the same boat.
jb_ad: Yeah.
Bo Fridh: yeah. Right now, apparently the water levels pretty good. You can't see that mud island out there right now this week.
Scott Thompson: The way Duke puts that water up and down. It's crazy.
Scott Thompson: I have one more. I have one more topic.
Scott Thompson: I'm not gonna mention any residents names, but
Scott Thompson: there is a dog or 2 that are in this neighborhood. That bark all day long
Scott Thompson: all day long is very loud from my house.
Scott Thompson: So what do we do? We wanna call the homeowner and and give them a a friendly warning that we're thinking about making a phone call to
Scott Thompson: the animal control? Or how should we handle that?
Bo Fridh: That? That would probably be a good idea. II met with Officer Tonya Spalty after I got bitten by that. Probably that same home owners, dogs, one of those dogs. She's more than happy to either join in a Zoom Meeting, or if we get together somewhere, come over and talk about all the things related to that.
Bo Fridh: But I know the next door neighbor to that person has
Bo Fridh: the same concerns you do, Scott, about the barking and
Bo Fridh: her suggestion.
Bo Fridh: if you want to take it to the step of contacting them, is just keeping a log days, you know the dates and times
Bo Fridh: when it's pronounced.
Bo Fridh: and call them, they will pay a visit. But to your point it might be a good idea if you touch base with them.
Scott Thompson: Could you do me a favor? The the person that you're speaking to about your matter? Could you ask them if there is an ordinance that
Scott Thompson: Oh, motor service there is.
Bo Fridh: Yeah, yeah, you can't have barking dogs outside bothering neighbors. Can you see if you can get that in writing, and I will. First give them a friendly
Scott Thompson: live, and then I will email the verbiage on that.
Bo Fridh: I tell you what I she gave me a document that has all sorts of information about everything that has to do with panel. You know animal ordinances in the county. I will.
Bo Fridh: It's probably in there I'll find it. I'll do a screenshot or whatever, and shoot it to you.
Scott Thompson: Okay, so I'm gonna document yesterday all day
Scott Thompson: I'm gonna call him this weekend and just give him a friendly
Scott Thompson: call to call person. Let him know that we're aware of Neighbor, several neighbors complaining about it. And I'm gonna give him the option of
Scott Thompson: stopping it. And I'll also document the dates.
Scott Thompson: and then we'll see what comes out of it
Scott Thompson: as a little girl.
jb_ad: Okay.
Bo Fridh: what's that? Yeah. It's a it's a little tender to the touch in the spot. But the the P. The puncture, all 4 puncture wounds have healed up.
jb_ad: that's good.
Bo Fridh: No, hey! They! They quarantine. The dog for 10 days didn't die so apparently. Rabies.
Scott Thompson: He's been out back barking the whole time.
Bo Fridh: I'm I'm walking the neighborhood with a can of bear spray. Now
Scott Thompson: I gotcha alright. I'm gonna get to work on these follow ups. Does anybody got anything else?
Bo Fridh: I do not want
Andrew Henshaw: Scott. I'm gonna I'm sending you the the login information if you wouldn't, if it's alright if you just use my current login because I've already built
Scott Thompson: otherwise the survey goes away. Okay, Andrew, Andrew, I sent you that list, master
Andrew Henshaw: the pictures perfect. Thank you.
Scott Thompson: Okay, hold off until we get those 3 topics complete. The recommended serve vendors and the
Scott Thompson: the open seat, and we'll get them all sent out together.
Scott Thompson: Okay, motion to close the meeting.
Andrew Henshaw: Second, I make a motion to close. Alrighty.
Scott Thompson: Good job. You guys
mary: likewise see you soon.
Bo Fridh: Alright. Have a good night.
mary: bye.
Scott Thompson: All
mary: okay. Now
mary: for that, whatever it is responsible.
mary: We're in that one.
Yes.
mary: so gee!
mary: So we were. Just
mary: you can't. Oh.
mary: until we're done.
mary: There's problems
therapy
mary: awesome.
mary: Then she and this neighborhood sit down.
mary: She thinks
mary: become somebody.
mary: There's no way they can come up with the money to finish it. I don't know.
mary:  understand why people don't do research or whatever ahead of time.
mary: what? They didn't know that they thought that they ordered this mobile home. And it comes all done.
mary: I mean, we have the common
mary: know.
Okay.
mary: 3 breaths.
mary: Everyone else
mary: about you.
mary: He's all set
mary: that one.
mary: The services are like
mary: anything you're
mary: and oh.
mary: don't be able.
mary: I appreciate that
mary: I hope.
mary: Good
mary: now.
mary: Oh, wow! That's
mary: oh.
mary: for plan. you know.
mary: over the years.
mary: Got it?
mary: Hello! At all.
mary: Good. So
mary: wow! Right now.
mary: Wow.
mary: the
mary: you could.
mary:  next. Thank you. President.
mary: actually have a child.
mary: I have moved away.
mary: We
I don't.
mary: The answer.
yeah.
mary: thank you. Alex.
mary: Hello.
mary: even though.
Yeah.
mary: and
mary: we have any support and
got it.
mary: Why is it, you know. that is
mary: ready for now
mary: have not announced
mary: today?
mary: Yeah, I keep sort of
okay
mary: gathering other rooms.
mary: Then we account
mary: managing to name one.
mary: Thank you.
mary: And I would say about.
mary: Never mind.
mary: Why do you about hardy business?
mary: Yeah.
mary: yeah.
mary: that labor needs
mary: clerk
mary: the lottery, and have a good time at this point.
mary: I don't.
mary: I don't
mary: family a lot of
mary: find it seriously.
mary: And her work.
mary: Andrew. Not
mary: what?
mary:  not had enough. Yeah.
mary: it's in black.